#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements_dev.txt requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autoflake==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
black==23.11.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via tox
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
datapunt-authorization-django==1.3.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
datapunt-config-loader==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
datapunt-objectstore==2020.9.7
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
debtcollector==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
django==4.1.13
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   model-bakery
django-choices==2.0.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-filter==23.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==0.4.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
ipython==8.17.2
    # via ipdb
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-utils
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
jsonschema==4.19.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-config-loader
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
keystoneauth1==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
model-bakery==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
netaddr==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-utils
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
oslo-config==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-serialization==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-utils==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   tox
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via autoflake
pygments==2.16.1
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via tox
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
python-keystoneclient==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
python-swiftclient==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-objectstore
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-config-loader
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
referencing==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-config
rpds-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==1.35.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   ipdb
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox==4.11.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   black
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.24.6
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.10
    # via prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   debtcollector
    #   deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==68.2.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
